# CIS_1051_FINAL_PROJECT
Final project for CIS 1051 using GameMaker

Video Link: https://youtu.be/nwtjsN68MVg

This project ended up being a ton of fun besides the part where my computer broke and I almost had a heart attack. Learning how to use GameMaker and seeing the similarities between phython, java, and itsself was very intresting and made th coding procces less scary because it gave me a little confidence while working. When i first started my project i was very intimidated becasue the GameMaker interface looked so confusing and inticate becasue I had nevr seen it before. I kept losing tabs and forgeting which arrow to press for tolls to drop down. I will say i spet a lot of time on Googling "how to _____ in GameMaker, because I was so lost. The physical coding part wasnt incedible difficult to understand as the videos i watched broke it down in a way that was digestible. This allowed me to go off and add diffrent elements that I created myself. Speaking of videos some adversity did appear becaseu the version of GameMaker I currently use is newer and diffrent than the one I saw in everyhow to video as they are all 5+ years old. I also had some troble understanding how functions worked inside of scripts but eventually figured it out. The last huge issue i had was TileSets. i couldnt for the life of me figure out how to arrange then and untilmatly gave up an splaced them 1 by 1. Hopefully i can learn the someday soon. I think my favorite part of this project was creating little pixel sprites that i uses in game for diffrent objects. 
